/*
Shared folder notes
If you give people edit access to a folder in your Dropbox, it becomes a shared folder. 
Changes to the contents of these shared folders are synced to everyone who has access to the shared folder.
People with edit access can:
edit files
comment on files
and view files
Note: Make sure you pick a good name for the shared folder as the name of a shared folder can't be changed once it is created 
(you can change it locally but new and existing members will see the original name).
	
Free teams are built for Basic and Pro users who work together at the same company or on the same projects.
When you create or join a free team, you get access to:
The team folder
The team folder is a company- or organization-wide folder that’s automatically shared with all members of a free team. 
Changes to a file in the team folder will reflect in the work Dropbox of each team member.
All sub-folders in the team folder are automatically shared with your entire free team; however, if you’re working on a project 
with external collaborators, you can choose to share certain sub-folders with those contributors as well. 
If you're the owner of a shared folder, you can easily keep company information in one place by dragging existing shared folders into the team folder from your desktop or move them at dropbox.com.
A separate work and personal Dropbox
Team members can connect work and personal Dropbox accounts, and easily toggle between the two. 
Both accounts are accessible on dropbox.com, and on any connected computer or mobile device.
Groups
A group is a preset list of members. By creating a group you can share files or folders with everyone in that list with a single click, 
rather than adding colleagues one-by-one.
Sharing controls
Team members can limit access to shared folders and links to team members only.
Dropbox Pro users: You can control who has access to your shared links and for how long by setting passwords and expirations.
Dropbox Business or team users: You can create groups to share with specific team members. 
Dropbox Business users can also control who has access to shared links and for how long by setting passwords and expirations.
Dropbox Pro and Dropbox Business users: You can prevent others from adding, editing, or deleting files in your shared folder 
by setting view-only permissions.
*/
